today we're here with the beautiful peta
murgatroyd from Dancing with the Stars
I'm going to be teaching you the five
most important steps that I like to use
for creating the perfect cat eye there's
a number of ways that you can achieve
the same look two of my favorites are
firstly by taking a pencil and creating
a line that continues along the bottom
lash line and out straight from that
line because that's always the line that
we want them that I lied to follow and
then you use that line as your base line
to create the eyeliner however today I'm
going to show you how to use scotch tape
to create your baseline so what you want
to do is create a line that follows
along the edge of the bottom lash line
and press the tape into the skin that's
going to give you the perfect angle for
your eyeliner I like to sometimes go in
with a pencil first look down for me and
just go along that line just to get the
basic angle for the eyeliner next I'm
going to go in with this nas gel liner
which is going to give us a more
waterproof and long-lasting effect now
that I've created the base we can take
off the tape and see the line and see
whether we need to alter it in either
direction so I feel like this can
actually be a little thicker on top I
always like to start dinner and then
build and build and build look down for
me so this one can go a little higher
because your eyes can definitely handle
it so normally when you do an I like
this there's a lot of cleanup involved
today it's turned out really good first
go but this product bioderma is a makeup
artist best friend in a situation like
this mixed with a really fine cotton tip
q-tip whatever depending on which
country you come from and you just slide
it along the line just like that and it
will remove any imperfections and you
can clean up a line
if you decide that you went a little too
thick look down for me you can just
slice off a little bit off the top it's
like an eraser it's like an eraser and
it's amazing because it doesn't leave
any residue so you can keep going with
your makeup straight over the top you
don't have to then remove the cleanser
which you do with most other products so
now i'm going to give you an option of
making it look not quite as clean as a
liquid liner from the cream that I used
before we're just going to take a black
powder any black powder eye shadows find
this one's got a little sparkle in it
and we're going to go over that line it
also sets it so I can't move and you
don't get any folding onto the lid but
it gives it a slightly rougher effect as
well so it doesn't look so perfect and
bewitched now we're going to take our
concealer palette or our foundation
again and just clean up under the eye
just to make sure you get a nice clean
line so one of my biggest challenge is
about doing the cat eye is that I can
never get them even it's so difficult
for me giving yourself a guideline will
help you get it perfect each time I
always follow the bottom line of the lot
of the lashes and continue it out
whether it's that's just with a line or
that you put to take their to give
yourself the baseline and if you follow
that on both sides in exactly the same
angle you'll always get the same I so
now we've done the finishing touches to
Peter's make up for our photoshoot what
do you think Peter I absolutely
it is so simple so effective and I'm not
even though this kind of drive time I'm
getting it's a lot easier than people
think so much easier mother great let's
shoot it